# 1. Getting Started

**Welcome to Digify theme KIT module documentation**

In this document we will learn more about Digify theme KIT.

The Digify theme KIT simplifies and speeds up the creation of themes. The logic of the theme is already embedded in the
KIT, along with as many features as possible; The primary goal of developing this KIT was to master the speed of
creating and to be able to control and observe the integrity of all active themes and another feature of this module is
the reduction of logic and logical complexity behind the scenes.

---

Let's start with a simple example:

```jsx
//_app.jsx

const MyApp = ({ Component, pageProps }) => {
    return (
        <Component {...pageProps} />
    );
};

export default initializeApp(MyApp, themeConfig);
```

In this example, you see a different method of _app exports, **initializeApp** is a high order function, and handling
all the main theme settings, such as SSR and CSR rendering, manage private and guestOnly pages, gets all required main
APIs and etc

Finally, you should only use **Components** that exist in props.

---

In another example, you can easily private a page

```jsx
const Page = () => {
    return <UserInfo />;
};

Page.setPageConfig = {
    private: true,
    //...others config
};

export default Page;
```

**setPageConfig** is a useful extra feature for each page's unique config. We will talk more about this feature later.

---

Finally, the most important examples are hooks

```jsx
const Product = () => {
    const product = useProduct();

    return <Component {...product} />
}

export default Product;
```

The KIT hooks are the normalized data and mutation actions that can help you have all the functionality for each section

---

In this module we used Apollo graphql.

Apollo is a platform for building a unified supergraph, a communication layer that helps you manage the flow of data
between your application clients and your backend services.

Apollo has helped us build a fast application and manage local and remote data easily.

[Read more about Graphql](https://graphql.org/)

[Read more about Apollo client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)

---

Our KIT was written with Typescript, all project interfaces and types are fully specified, and our KIT also contains
JsDoc, so that you can easily see the details of all the modules during the development phase.

---

Lastly, you do not need to configure any other state management, such as Redux, or use a promise-based HTTP Client, like
Axios. These features are included in the KIT.

You may need a custom state in some cases. Add a new action to the theme configuration file and you will be able to
customize it as needed from your Apollo state.

There's no need to worry about theme customization because the kit is fully customizable.


