# setPageConfig

With setPageConfig, you can easily set the page configuration.

We are focusing in future versions on adding more settings to this feature to make a series of settings easier. This
feature only has a few options in this version.

The structure of this property is similar to getInitialProps.

Authorization is perhaps one of the most widely used features of setPageConfig. The page will be authenticated before
rendering if the private value is set to true

```jsx
const Page = () => {
    return <h1>Private page</h1>
}

Page.setPageConfig = {
    private: true
}

export default Page;
```

There are several ways to make a page private. You can set the value of private to true. Either way, the page
authenticates. But sometimes you may want to make a private page in a particular scenario.

In certain circumstances, you can check the queries to make the page private. In a simple example, most of the initial
steps of the cart page are public, while the next parts are private. Therefore, some pages can be both private and
guestOnly. The value of private cannot be set to true under this condition. By identifying a page by query, you can
private it.

---

### private

With queries, you can private a page in a variety of ways. If your query type is a string, use this method

```jsx
const Page = () => {
    return <h1>Conditional private page</h1>
}

Page.setPageConfig = {
    private: {
        step: ['step-2']
    }
}

export default Page;
```

In the example above, your page is authenticated when the value of step is set to step-2

Alternatively, you can do it this way if you want the other steps to be private.

```jsx
Page.setPageConfig = {
    private: {
        step: ['step-2', 'step-3', 'step-4']
    }
}
```

In other words, if the step is step-2, step-3, or step-4, the page becomes private

However, if the query type is an array of strings, the status will differ slightly.

```js
Page.setPageConfig = {
    private: {
        step: [['step-1'], ['step-2', 'step-2-1']]
    }
}
```

In the example above, it is meant that an array has a value of step-1 or step-2, and step-2-1 the page becomes private.

This condition has a similar meaning to the example above.

```js
const query = {
    step: ["step-2-1", "step-2"]
}

return query.step === 'step-1' || query.step.every((i) => ["step-2", "step-2-1"].includes(i))
```

---

### guestOnly

When the value of this property is set to true, it only shows that page to guest.

```js
Page.setPageConfig = {
    guestOnly: true
}
// Or
Page.setPageConfig = {
    guestOnly: ["step-2-1", "step-2"]
}
// Or
Page.setPageConfig = {
    guestOnly: [['step-1'], ['step-2', 'step-2-1']]
}
```

---

### dynamicRendering

The server side page will only be rendered if the source is one of the search engines if dynamicRendering is set to
true.

```js
Page.setPageConfig = {
    dynamicRendering: true
}
```
